

				<<<<Before I started randomness, below chirping went through my head>>>>



What is time?
	A mathematical number that becomes 0 OR FIXED_T when sunlight falls on a fixed piece of land on Earth. Then this number starts increasing at the rate of "Change_In_Direction_Of_Shadow_Made_By_Sunlight_at_That_Fixed_Piece_Of-Land".

So, it means that time is dependent on sun and it's sunlight. It is just a mathematical representation of change in intensity of direct and indirect(via moon) sun light.

That means time in itself is random variable, not a fixd increasing/decreasing_RATED variable because intensity of sunlight might change in few 1000 years. That means it's a number taken from reference point(land) for another reference point(sunlight).

This is the only reason why there are different zones of time on different pieces of land.


What is Random?
	It's just a number that seems to be different by different eyes. 

Then What is unique Random?
	Oh! It's just a number that is different for different eyes and is unique.

That means, every particle in universe pretends to be unique but in reality, it's a slight change in meta-atomic states that makes them unique. Otherwise, they are just same every where from a particular reference.

Then also, it means that every particle might have different mathematics OR family_of_mathematics.



So, How does one select a reference point?
	Well, one can say that every particle has a decay rate. Due to decay of particle, lost energy "wanders" everywhere and produces some effects on every other particle it "comes in contact with", which in turn do same.
So, even if I try to use a particular point in space then it will not be a fixed, constant but unique point because of decay and "unique randomness property".

But reference point must be constant, fixed and unique.

So, decay rate is the reference point that can be taken.



Now how would you calculate time, dude. I bet you can't do that?
	I can try to do that by mixing heisenberg's uncertainity principle and decay rate.

---Points:) 1. Each particle has a decay rate that gets affected byt it's surroundings too. And it's decay rate also affects it's surroundings back.
	 2. Few variable would be used here:: a.) decay constant-- original decay rate in isolation(not even space).

UMm! Wait there. How can be isolation without space decay an energy? What do you think I am a fool?
	Ok. See, energy can never be in peace, It will be continuously changing or making movements.
	Because of movements in isolation without space, it's equillibrium disturbs which leads it to start 
	oscillation in harmonic fashion. This is known as "ignorance" because energy when starts oscillation
	then also it cannot be in peace because at every point , there will be no peace because of pre-occupied
	ignorance.
	So, it starts dividing itself into random-decisive energies.

Ha! so, you are saying that there is "decisiveness like humans" and "ignorance" like humans. F.* off!
	Ok. well, decisive means into some other release of energy or divide into new one  or mixture of these 2. Ignorance 
	means that "whatever has been formed has to be destroyed" is not the state of current energy in isolation without
	space. This means that energy be-comes due to vibrations of meta-atomic states. These vibrations further divides 
	into other vibrations because of unstability at every vibrational state.

You are confused and me too now. Can't you say that vibrating state is known as ignorance.
	:) keep buisy now.
		

	3. b.) decay constant of whole universe and space.... a.k.a. incoming rate.
	
	4. With this, total decay = ( incoming rate + decay constant) x decay per effect.

	5. Time = (NET decay rate per elapses of instants) x ( instants elapsed ).

But isn't this will be a random time without fixed & constant reference. As mathematical number that you are taking
for representing instants and rates is also w.r.t. 0 where this 0 also depends upon piece_of_land_chosen and sunlight touch.

No, this 0 is for a single and fixed amount of energy that was there before decay starts. Hence this will be a universal time.

What can that amount be?
	Depends on you, but every amount will result in same decay rate and hence same time, which will become universal time.

So, you are saying einstein's theory of time is wrong?
	May be because  nothing is permanent. Even this time value will change upon complete destroy of universe, space etc..

.......That's impossible.
	(speech-less, no knowledge)